Add docs for nested claims in JWT RBAC (#5190)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gloo/api/v1/enterprise/options/rbac/rbac.proto.sk.md

| Field | Type | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----------- | 

> | `claims` | `map<string, string>` | Set of claims that make up this principal. Commonly, the 'iss' and 'sub' or 'email' claims are used. All claims must be present on the JWT. Nested claims, such as 'parent.child.foo', may also be used; however, the Policy must have a non-empty string value set for `nested_claim_delimiter`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `claims` | `map<string, string>` | A set of claims for this principal. Commonly, this list includes the `iss` claim and the `sub` or `email` claims. All claims in this list must be present on the JWT.  If you specify the path for a nested claim, such as 'parent.child.foo', you must also specify a non-empty string value for the `nested_claim_delimiter` field in the [Policy]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gloo/api/v1/enterprise/options/rbac/rbac.proto.sk/#policy" %}}).
```
